Lab: Inconsistent handling of exceptional input
 this lab in login email section only 256 character are allowed .. so registering using more than 256 character 
 occurs exception. 
 and only admin holds the @dontwannacry domain so after adding exploit servers domain after 256character(name+@dontwannacry) redirects the registration to the exploit server so 
 before we used @dontwannacry it will give us the admins privillage ..after that u can delete carlos account

Lab: Insufficient workflow validation
 observe sequence of events in the purchase process
 copy the parameter of successful purchase and match it with unsuccessful one and change it


Lab: Authentication bypass via flawed state machine
 With Burp running, complete the login process and notice that you need to select your role before you are taken to the home page.
 Use the content discovery tool to identify the /admin path.
 Try browsing to /admin directly from the role selection page and observe that this doesn't work.
 Log out and then go back to the login page. In Burp, turn on proxy intercept then log in.
 Forward the POST /login request. The next request is GET /role-selector.
 Drop this request and then browse to the lab's home page. Observe that your role has defaulted to the administrator role and you have access to the admin panel. 
 
 
 
 
Lab: Weak isolation on dual-use endpoint 
 With Burp running, log in and access your account page.
 Change your password.
 Study the POST /my-account/change-password request in Burp Repeater.
 Notice that if you remove the current-password parameter entirely, 
 you are able to successfully change your password without providing your current one.
 Observe that the user whose password is changed is determined by the username parameter. 
 Set username=administrator and send the request again.
 Log out and notice that you can now successfully log in as the administrator using the password you just set.






Lab: Flawed enforcement of business rules

Lab: Flawed enforcement of business rules
 there is coupon of 5$ and if you are signing for first time you will get 30% discount coupen .
 add the item into cart and aplly both coupon one by one until you match balance amount$


Lab: Infinite money logic flaw
 Go to "Project options" > "Sessions". In the "Session handling rules" panel, click "Add". The "Session handling rule editor" dialog opens.
 In the dialog, go to the "Scope" tab. Under "URL Scope", select "Include all URLs".
 Go back to the "Details" tab. Under "Rule actions", click "Add" > "Run a macro". Under "Select macro", click "Add" again to open the Macro Recorder.
 Select the following sequence of requests:
 POST /cart
 POST /cart/coupon
 POST /cart/checkout
 GET /cart/order-confirmation?order-confirmed=true
 POST /gift-card
 Then, click "OK". The Macro Editor opens.











